$Id: README 31852 2013-10-07 18:01:40Z karl $
Copyright 2011-2013 Karl Berry.
You may freely use, modify, and/or distribute this file.

The idea behind these files is to define map entries for the 35 standard
PostScript fonts, in the 8g (groff), 8r (base), 8y (texnansi), and 8u+8z
(Czech) encodings, plus Y&Y "short" names (tir, hv, etc.) which also use 8y.

We support these encodings here, instead of using the .map files from
the ly1 and cs packages, because updmap supports various options to
transform names between Adobe-style and URW-style, in order to support
downloadable vs. assuming built-in fonts in the output from dvips,
pdftex, etc.  Those options apply to these *35.map files only, so
anything about them should be included here for best results.

Here's the idea:
- the "base14" fonts are Courier, Helvetica, Times (x4 of each)
  plus the singular Symbol and ZapfDingbats.
- the "base35" fonts add Avant Garde, New Century Schoolbook,
  Helvetica-Narrow and Palatino (x4 of each).

- there are URW fontnames used when we download using the URW pfb files, 
  e.g. URWPalladioL-Roma.
- there are Adobe fontnames used when we do not download, but instead
  assume the reading environment provides the fonts,
  e.g., Palatino-Roman.

- these days, it is recommended (and the default) to download
  everything, for both ps and pdf output.
- but if base14 is not downloaded, we specify pdftex's fontflags to
  avoid useless warnings.  (Only base14, not base35.)  See ./Makefile
  and base14flags.*.

The files here support various combinations of the above:
dvipdfm35.map - Adobe for base14, URW otherwise (dvipdfm syntax, obsolete).
pdftex35.map  - Adobe for base14, URW otherwise (pdftex syntax).
dvips35.map   - Adobe for everything.
ps2pk35.map   - URW for everything (the default).

These names (dvipdfm, pdftex, dvips, ps2pk) refer to usage and syntax,
not to the programs by those names, as one might reasonably assume.
It is only updmap that reads these particular files, not the programs.

It would have been simpler if we had generated these files from a
program in the first place instead of maintaining these multiple
almost-but-not-quite-the-same files, but here we are.
